>> Mike North: So just to recap we started
a bunch of different attacks today.
We began with cross sites scripting and
we injected code into an app that we could
potentially use to affect another user.
We used a CSRF attack to create
a landing page that sent off a request
to transfer funds from one bank account to
another, using a GET request approach with
an image tag and a form that had
a JavaScript like programmatic submit.
But in either case, once a user lands on
that page, the CSRF attack is carried out
and by time they know what's happened,
it's already too late.
We built an example of clickjacking and
positioned an eye frame over a submit
button and tricked the user into
interacting with an app that was not ours,
just through basically CSS.
We talked a little bit about
third party assets and
how we can use sub-resource
integrity in order to ensure
that assets that are not
under our control,
when they change we will be
notified of those changes and
we will sort of have to patch things
up in order to take them into our app.
We discussed resource
tampering a little bit, and
how things could happen on a CDN and
how to insulate ourselves from that risk.
And then finally we dealt with a couple
different things that could happen
with a man in the middle attack.
And specifically how we can downgrade
https connections into plain http and
then talked about HSTS and
public key pinning could be used to combat
the basic version of that attack where you
have an unencrypted session between
the attacker and the target.
And then public key pinning which would
basically say for the half of users
who would click through the warning saying
this certificate doesn't look quite right.
Now you'd be in a position where the user
doesn't get to make that decision, and
if there's a man in the middle that
has forged a certificate they're
not allowed to accept that and they're not
allowed to carry on and perform that task.
So I hope you found this useful.
I hope you know more about web app
security and those concerns that
developers focused on JavaScript apps and
TypeScript apps should be cognizant of.
And hopefully you'll save yourself some
stressful problem as a result
of this new knowledge.